---
title: "Little Merak Island, a Hidden Gem in Banten"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Jun 28 2023"
heroImage: "/1.jpg"
---

This small Merak Island is a perfect place for healing. Banten Island is renowned for its beautiful and enchanting beaches. This is no surprise, given its location directly facing the Java Sea, the Sunda Strait, and the Indian Ocean. Banten is also a popular destination for residents of the capital and surrounding areas, as it is one of the provinces closest to Jakarta.

There are many beaches in Banten that you can visit for a vacation. There's Anyer Beach, Sawarna Beach, Tanjung Lesung Beach, and others that you can explore on your own. But did you know that Banten Island still has many hidden beauties that are less well-known? One of them is Merak Island.

What comes to mind when you hear "Peacock Island"? Could it be an island inhabited by numerous peacocks? Or an island adorned with perennial shrubs? Neither; it's named after its proximity to Merak Harbor.

FYI, I discovered Merak Island while searching for tourist destinations along the Greater Jakarta (Jabodetabek) commuter line. Both islands are quite close to Merak Station, the westernmost station on the island of Java. So, I'll share my trip to Merak Kecil Island, which I intended to de-stress.

Getting to Merak Island was quite tiring, but exciting for me, a person who loves exploring. That day, I left Kranji Station at 6:28 a.m. WIB and transferred to Tanah Abang Station. Upon arriving at Tanah Abang Station, I boarded the train to Rangkasbitung at 7:25 a.m. WIB. At Rangkasbitung Station, I had to tap out and re-enter by showing my Merak Local Train e-ticket on the KAI app. The fare was cheap, only 6,000 rupiah for a round-trip.

I boarded the 9:55 a.m. departure time and arrived at Merak Station at 11:53 a.m. WIB. Since it was time for the midday prayer, I paused for a break. I then continued my journey by taking a red minibus in front of Merak Station. The fare is 5,000 Rupiah to Mabak Beach, which is located directly behind the Pulomerak Police Station.

The excitement began. To reach Merak Kecil Island, I had to cross 300 meters of ocean in a fishing boat. I paid the boat service provider 15,000 rupiah per person. They said they wouldn't dare take passengers across if the wind and waves were high. That afternoon, the waves were indeed rough, so I had to wait about 20 minutes.

Then came the adrenaline-pumping 10-minute moment. Understandably, it was my first time on a boat in the middle of the ocean. This relatively short time was just to get to Merak Kecil Island. It was a different journey to Merak Besar Island, or Sangiang Island. Although short, I thoroughly enjoyed the breeze caressing my face and the seawater caressing my hands.

Finally, I landed on a white sandy island. I paid 2,000 Rupiah as a cleaning fee. Of course, entry to the island was free. My 2,000 Rupiah note was exchanged for a Merak Island sticker as a welcome sign.

A woman greeted me and encouraged me to enter her stall. I ordered a bowl of instant noodles and a glass of sweet tea. While I ate, I observed my surroundings. It turned out that all the stall owners there divided their customers fairly. It's like a motorcycle taxi driver lining up to pick up passengers. Wait your turn, my friend.

My order, with its standard taste, cost 20,000 Rupiah. A pack of instant noodles with mustard greens alone would cost 15,000 Rupiah. It was a waste of money. I just complained to myself, but I still paid the price. After getting my change, I immediately began to explore the island.

I began exploring every corner of the island. I finally settled on a spot for a selfie. With the white sand and turquoise water in the background, I hoped to get a good photo. What's more, it's complemented by the unique and beautiful expanse of small coral reefs. It's hard to describe this eye-pleasing sight; come visit it yourself.

Merak Kecil Island is indeed smaller than Merak Besar Island. It covers approximately 4.6 hectares. Wandering around the island won't tire you. Most visitors enjoy playing in the sand or swimming. They come because of the crystal clear, clean seawater. Others spend their time fishing, grilling fish, and camping.

Not satisfied, I continued exploring the island. At the end of the island, I found large, terraced rocks. These rocks were brownish-black, somewhat steep, and slippery. My adventurous spirit was piqued. I thought this was the perfect spot to gaze at the ocean, listen to the crashing waves, and feel the sunlight blending with the sea breeze. This spot was the quietest, perhaps because it was difficult to reach.

I took the time to follow a path that led me to the top of a small hill. Wow, it turned out this was a camping spot recommended by a vlogger. The ground was open, filled only with grass browned by the sun. I felt free up there. Unfortunately, I didn't arrive until after 3:30 PM. I had no choice but to head home to catch the 4:20 PM train.

Before leaving, I stopped by the restroom to pee. But there was no dipper. I thought I might just need to change. After all, visitors can pee while diving into the sea, except for those like my mother and me who didn't want to get wet. Hehe, we didn't bring a change of clothes; we were just going for a walk.

The trip was quite memorable, especially when we ran to catch the train. We only had 10 minutes left: the minibus suddenly broke down, and the long distance to the station gates made it a challenge. Amazingly, we were able to catch the train as planned. With just a minute left to check in, we could have made it home the next day.

That's the importance of entrepreneurship and optimism, my mother said. That's roughly the lesson we can learn. Let's go on a trip to Merak Island!
