---
title: "Bale Panyawangan Archipelago Diorama in Purwakarta"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Aug 28 2023"
heroImage: "/10.jpg"
---

Yesterday, on the 78th anniversary of the Republic of Indonesia's Independence Day, I visited Purwakarta. The main goal, of course, was to try the Purwakarta specialty, sate maranggi. I scoured the internet to find the closest tourist attraction to Purwakarta Station.

My best choice was the Urban Farming Center. Unfortunately, it was closed on national holidays. So, as an alternative, I went to Bale Panyawangan Diorama Nusantara. This educational attraction is only 500 meters from Purwakarta Station.

<h1> Purwakarta Diorama Museum Entrance Ticket </h1>

Bale Panyawangan Diorama Nusantara is located on Jl. K.K Singawinata, Nagri Tengah, Purwakarta District, Purwakarta Regency, West Java 41114. The entrance fee to the Purwakarta Diorama Museum is only 5,000 rupiah.

Previously, there was no entrance fee to this educational tourist attraction. However, citing Regional Regulation No. 11 of 2020 concerning Retribution for Tourist and Sports Sites, educational attractions are subject to a fee of 5,000 rupiah for adults and 3,000 rupiah for children 6 years and under.

<h1> Exploring the Archipelago from Purwakarta </h1>

Honestly, I wanted to go to the Wayang Gallery, but an online driver dropped me off here. That day, the Bale Panyawangan Diorama Nusantara was closed. I approached the security guard standing guard near the gate. Luckily, I was still allowed in to explore the museum. I was charged a 5,000 rupiah entrance fee.

I wonder what the Bale Panyawangan Diorama Purwakarta contains? Upon entering the museum, visitors are presented with information about the human revolution and the layers of rock from the early human era.

Exploring the following rooms, visitors will absorb information about the kingdoms that flourished in the archipelago, including the Indonesian struggle from colonial times to independence. The three-dimensional historical ornaments are protected by glass so they cannot be touched directly.

The museum also offers various insights into the culture and arts of Indonesia's provinces. At the end of the museum, towards the exit, visitors can explore information about Purwakarta, including its leaders throughout history.
