---
title: "Ramen Ya! Plaza Blok M Food Review: A Delicious Sensation in Every Bite"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Sep 24 2023"
heroImage: "/11.jpg"
---

I recently had a wonderful culinary experience at Ramen Ya! Plaza Blok M. The restaurant truly delighted my palate with its delicious and mouth-watering dishes. Below is a review of the dishes I enjoyed during my visit:

<h1> 1. Chicken Karage Ramen </h1>

I started my culinary journey with Chicken Karage Ramen, and oh, it was absolutely amazing! Soft ramen noodles served in a savory and delicious chicken broth. But what really made this dish special were the crispy, perfectly seasoned pieces of karage chicken placed on top of the noodles. They added a wonderful texture and depth of flavor to the dish.

<h1> 2. Fried Gyoza </h1>

Nothing beats the first bite of a fried gyoza, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. These gyoza are perfectly fried until golden brown. The meat filling is delicious, and the flavor is even more perfect when dipped in the provided sauce. It's the perfect snack to start a meal.

<h1> 3. Grilled Gyoza </h1>

When the Grilled Gyoza arrived, I knew I was in for something extraordinary. These grilled gyoza have a crispy, crunchy exterior, making them irresistible. The soft, delicious filling pairs perfectly with the crispy surface. This is a must-try for any gyoza lover.

<h1> 4. Lemon Tea </h1>

For drinks, I chose the refreshing and refreshing Lemon Tea. Its sour and sweet flavors contrast perfectly with the savory ramen and gyoza. It's the perfect accompaniment to a meal.

With its cozy atmosphere and friendly service, Ramen Ya! Plaza Blok M is the perfect place to enjoy delicious Japanese cuisine. I highly recommend trying the Chicken Karage Ramen, Fried Gyoza, and Grilled Gyoza, and of course, don't forget to wash it all down with a refreshing glass of Lemon Tea.

My visit to Ramen Ya! Plaza Blok M was definitely an unforgettable culinary experience, and I look forward to returning to sample more of their exciting dishes. Thank you, Ramen Ya!, for such a wonderful meal!
