---
title: "AFI Bangka Noodles: The Delight of Soft, Mouth-Watering Noodles"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Okt 07 2023"
heroImage: "/12.jpg"
---

From TikTok, I discovered a haven for chicken noodle and meatball lovers at Mie Ayam AFI in Harapan Indah. My culinary experience there was truly amazing, and I'm happy to share it with my blog readers. Here's my review of the chicken noodle and meatball dishes I enjoyed during my visit:

<h1> Soft Noodle Texture </h1>

When I first tasted the chicken noodles at Mie Ayam AFI, the first thing that caught my attention was the soft and chewy texture of the noodles. These noodles are clearly made with great skill, and each bite delivers a satisfying sensation. Perfect chicken noodles are the foundation of a great dish, and Mie Ayam AFI prides itself on providing the best.

<h1> The Tempting Flavor of Chicken Noodles </h1>

The chicken noodles with meatballs here are truly tempting. They're served in a savory and delicious broth, with tender chicken and succulent meatballs. The broth has a deep flavor that keeps me wanting more. The chicken noodles, soaked in this broth, are the perfect blend of savory and delicious.

<h1> Super Delicious Meatballs </h1>

Besides the amazing chicken noodles, the meatballs at Mie Ayam AFI are also worth a thumbs up. The meatballs served here are fresh, chewy, and full of flavor. They truly complement the chicken noodle dish perfectly.

<h1> Friendly Service </h1>

During my visit, I was also very impressed with the friendly and prompt service at Mie Ayam AFI. The staff is very attentive to customer needs and happy to provide recommendations when needed. They create a comfortable and enjoyable dining atmosphere.

<h1> Convenient Location </h1>

AMIE Ayam AFI, located in Harapan Indah, also boasts a convenient and clean location. It's the perfect place to relax while enjoying a delicious chicken noodle dish.

I highly recommend Mie Ayam AFI in Harapan Indah to anyone looking for delicious chicken meatball noodles with a great noodle texture. My culinary experience there was truly satisfying, and I hope you find it similarly delicious. Thank you, Mie Ayam AFI, for a delicious meal!
