---
title: "Haka Dimsum Galaxy: A Mouthwatering Culinary Adventure"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Oct 08 2023"
heroImage: "/13.jpg"
---

I recently had a memorable culinary experience at Haka Dimsum Galaxy, and every dish I tried was truly worth a try. Below are reviews of the various dishes I enjoyed during my visit:

<h1> 1. Salted Egg Chicken Porridge </h1>

I started my culinary journey with the Salted Egg Chicken Porridge, which was truly a treat. The creamy, thick chicken porridge was served with tender chicken pieces and a savory salted egg. It was the perfect dish to start a delightful morning or breakfast.

<h1> 2. Noodle Chili Oil Polos </h1>

The Plain Chili Oil Noodles at Haka Dimsum Galaxy have a tantalizing flavor with a slightly spicy kick. These noodles are served with delicious chili oil and toppings like minced meat and shallots. This is a perfect choice for spicy food lovers.

<h1> 3. Hakau </h1>

Hakau is a classic dim sum dish that always entices the palate. At Haka Dimsum Galaxy, the soft hakau filled with fresh shrimp is an excellent choice. The thin, translucent texture of the skin makes it both visually and tastefully appealing.

<h1> 4. Steamed Mantao Haka </h1>

The steamed mantao served at Haka Dimsum Galaxy are the perfect snack. They're soft and hollow inside, perfect for filling with a variety of fillings. I highly recommend pairing these mantao with hakau, or fried shrimp dumplings.

<h1> 5. Fried Shrimp Dumplings </h1>

Fried shrimp dumplings are a must-try at Haka Dimsum Galaxy. These dumplings are deep-fried until golden brown, creating a crispy exterior and a delicious shrimp filling inside. Serve with the right dipping sauce, and you'll enjoy an unforgettable bite.

<h1> 6. Shrimp Spring Rolls with Tofu Skin </h1>

Shrimp spring rolls with tofu skin are a light and delicious dish. The savory shrimp filling is wrapped in soft tofu skin. This is a perfect choice for those who want something a little lighter.

<h1> 7. Chicken Siomay </h1>

Chicken siomay is another delicious dim sum dish at Haka Dimsum Galaxy. The siomay, served with a rich peanut sauce, is an unbeatable combination.

<h1> 8. Milo Drink </h1>

I complemented my meal with a refreshing glass of Milo. It's the perfect drink to end a delicious meal and provide extra ener

During my visit, I was thoroughly impressed by the quality and variety of dishes at Haka Dimsum Galaxy. With its cozy atmosphere and friendly service, it's the perfect place to explore a variety of delicious dim sum dishes. Thank you, Haka Dimsum Galaxy, for an unforgettable culinary experience!
