---
title: "Sate Haji Ishak, Pasar Lama Tangerang: Appetizing Chicken Satay"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Oct 14 2023"
heroImage: "/14.jpg"
---

Have you ever felt the urge to try a simple dish that turns out to be truly delicious? I recently discovered a place that truly satisfied my culinary cravings in Tangerang's Old Market: Sate Haji Ishak. Here's my full review of my delicious experience:

<h1> 1. Incredible Chicken Satay </h1>

What makes Sate Haji Ishak truly special is its delicious chicken satay. Each skewer is filled with generous chunks of chicken, so you really get more chicken in every bite. The chicken is tender and flavorful from the perfect grilling, and I can taste the warmth of the spices permeating every fiber of the meat.

<h1> 2. Affordable Prices </h1>

One of the most exciting things about Sate Haji Ishak is its very affordable price. For just 26,000 rupiah, you'll get a delicious portion of chicken satay, complete with rice cakes. This is a great value and makes this dish very budget-friendly.

<h1> 3. The Perfect Lontong </h1>

Sate Haji Ishak is served with perfectly cut rice cakes (lontong). These soft and firm rice cakes are the perfect accompaniment to the chicken satay. They perfectly absorb the flavors of the satay marinade and provide an interesting texture.

<h1> 4. Tempting Spice Combination </h1>

The spices used for the chicken satay at Sate Haji Ishak are truly tempting. They create a rich blend of spices, with hints of sweet, spicy, and savory. You can request more spicy spices if you like, which will provide a more intense spicy sensation.

<h1> 5. The Atmosphere of Tangerang's Old Market </h1>

Eating at Sate Haji Ishak in Tangerang's Old Market also provides a unique experience. You'll experience the bustling atmosphere of a traditional market, with a variety of foods and other products offered by local vendors.

Sate Haji Ishak is a must-visit for satay lovers and those looking for delicious food at affordable prices. My culinary experience here was very satisfying, and I will definitely return to sample more delicious chicken satay. Thank you to Sate Haji Ishak for a great meal!
