---
title: "Kedai Tjikini's Special Risoles at M Bloc Space"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Oct 28 2023"
heroImage: "/18.jpg"
---

If you're a foodie looking for a mouth-watering dish, you should definitely try the Risoles at Kedai Tjikini in M ​​Bloc Space. I'd like to share how special this dish is.

<h1> A Tempting Appearance </h1>

When the risoles first arrived at my table, I was immediately impressed by their tempting appearance. The outer skin of the risoles was perfectly browned, revealing a crispy and inviting texture. The dish was also presented with a neat presentation, providing an appealing visual touch.

<h1> Abundant Fillings </h1>

As soon as I took my first bite, I immediately tasted the deliciousness of the risoles. The generous filling consisted of a delicious mixture of chicken, potatoes, carrots, and spices. Everything was mixed together beautifully, creating a rich and balanced flavor. I really appreciated that these risoles weren't stingy with their mouth-watering filling.

<h1> Tempting Special Sauce </h1>

The risoles at Kedai Tjikini are also served with a tempting special sauce. The sauce has a unique combination of flavors, with touches of sweet, savory, and a hint of spicy. This sauce is the perfect complement to the risoles and enhances the overall flavor.

<h1> The Perfect Balance of Crispy and Soft </h1>

One of the things I love about these risoles is the balance between the crispy skin and the soft filling. The crispy outer skin provides a satisfying bite, while the soft filling melts into your mouth deliciously. It's a truly enticing harmony of textures.

<h1> A Pleasant Location </h1>

Besides the delicious flavors, I also love the atmosphere at Kedai Tjikini at M Bloc Space. The place is cozy, with attractive decor and friendly service. It's the perfect place to relax and enjoy a delicious meal.

The risoles at Kedai Tjikini at M Bloc Space are a must-try if you're in Jakarta. The deliciousness of the generous filling, crispy skin, tantalizing special sauce, and the perfect balance of textures make them a truly satisfying choice for food lovers. I highly recommend trying these risoles and enjoying an unforgettable culinary experience.
