---
title: "Koja Cliff, Godzilla's Overrated Cage"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Jul 23 2023"
heroImage: "/2.jpg"
---

Koja Cliff is a tourist attraction located in Cireundeu, Tangerang Regency. This Godzilla Cage tourist attraction became popular around 2019. I was in my second year of college at the time. I was drawn to this natural attraction after seeing Instagrammable photos from visitors.

<h1> How to Get to Tebing Koja by Train </h1>

As a train enthusiast, I naturally chose the commuter line (KRL). How do I get to Tebing Koja by train? I started my journey from Kranji Station. Then, I took the Bekasi-Kampung Bandan/Angke KRL via Manggarai. The KRL line passed through Tanah Abang, as I would be transferring there.

Upon arriving at Tanah Abang Station, I got off and boarded the train bound for Maja/Rangkas Bitung. The Green Line KRL route is quite long. It took almost two hours to reach Maja Station.

From Maja Station, I ordered an online motorcycle taxi (ojol) to take me to Tebing Koja. Online motorcycle taxi pickups aren't available at the station gates. FYI, the pick-up point is at Alfamart. Exit Maja Station, turn right, then left until you reach Alfamart.

During the motorcycle taxi ride, I passed through rice fields, which were quite pleasing to the eye. The surrounding area was relatively quiet, with few vehicles or people passing by.

<h1> How Much Does Koja Cliff Cost? </h1>

Seeing the stunning pre-wedding photos, I wondered, "How much does it cost to enter Koja Cliff?" In 2019, after doing some research, the tourist attraction hadn't set a fee.

Even though it's free, some people still want to profit. Netizen reviews on YouTube suggest extortion. Sure enough, halfway to Koja Cliff, I was stopped by teenagers. They demanded money as a first entry fee.

The extortion didn't stop there. About 200 meters before arriving at Koja Cliff, another group demanded money as an entry fee. They spoke Sundanese, which I didn't fully understand. I gave them the money, not wanting to deal with them further.

<h1> Koja Cliff Park Godzilla Cage Review </h1>

That day, I arrived at Koja Cliff Park at 12:00 PM WIB. The sun was blazing, making it extremely hot. I noticed several stalls were open.

I continued on my way to the main location. What was the view like? Koja Cliff is a stunning natural sand mine.

Unfortunately, it didn't live up to my expectations. It wasn't as impressive as the pre-wedding photos I'd seen. The lake water was also murky. I should probably give the photographer my highest praise.

But it's not that bad. In this park, I can still find things I like. One of them is the abundant sunflowers planted. I think if they were planted in more numbers, the view would be even more beautiful.

Not only that. With my skill in spotting Instagram-worthy spots, I managed to snap some photos. And the resulting photos are quite impressive, making them worth remembering.

The photos shown here have not undergone any extensive editing. The bright sunlight really helped achieve bright results.

Overall, this tourist spot was overrated in 2019. It wasn't as beautiful as it appeared on social media. This was my only experience of the visit. I wouldn't want to visit again, especially considering the extortion surrounding the location. Hopefully, the management and local government will continue to develop the Koja Cliffs tourist attraction.
