---
title: "Jonkira Ramen: A Must-Try Tori Ebi Ramen"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Nov 04 2023"
heroImage: "/20.jpg"
---

Jonkira Ramen is a famous ramen restaurant in the city, and I'd like to share my culinary experience there. On this visit, I ordered two highly recommended dishes: Tori Ebi Ramen and a glass of Ocha Tea. Here's a brief overview of my experience.

<h1> Tori Ebi Ramen </h1>

The first dish to arrive was Tori Ebi Ramen, and the fragrant aroma of the broth alone was enough to tempt me. The first time I tasted the broth, I immediately noticed its rich depth of flavor. The warm chicken broth combined with the delicious seafood flavor of the shrimp created a truly incredible combination. The tender chicken and fresh shrimp served in this ramen added the perfect texture and flavor.

The ramen itself had the perfect texture, neither too chewy nor too soft, making each bite a satisfying experience. Accessories like nori (toasted seaweed), mushrooms, and green cebolla added a deeper dimension of flavor and texture to this dish.

The signature topping for this dish is a soft-boiled egg placed on top of the ramen. When I cracked the egg and mixed it with the soup and ramen, I got a subtle layer of creaminess that perfected the dish.

<h1> Ocha Tea </h1>

To accompany this delicious ramen dish, I ordered a glass of Ocha Tea. This warm green tea is the perfect complement to ramen. Its refreshing, slightly bitter taste is perfect for rinsing your mouth after a savory meal.

My visit to Jonkira Ramen was a truly satisfying culinary experience. The Tori Ebi Ramen is a truly delicious dish with a rich, flavorful broth and a perfect combination of chicken and shrimp. The refreshing Ocha Tea was the perfect accompaniment to this rich, savory ramen dish. I highly recommend Jonkira Ramen to anyone looking for authentic, flavorful ramen in a comfortable, friendly atmosphere. I will definitely return to try other dishes here.
