---
title: "Puri Wedari Joglo House: Traces of Hometown in Bekasi"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Nov 11 2023"
heroImage: "/22.jpg"
---

For those longing for the warmth and ambiance of a Javanese hometown, Rumah Joglo Puri Wedari Mutiara Gading City is the perfect place to spend your vacation. Located on Jl. Mutiara Gading City, Setia Asih, Bekasi Regency, this tourist attraction pampers visitors with its authentic and welcoming Javanese atmosphere. Here's an unforgettable travel experience at Rumah Joglo Puri Wedari Mutiara Gading City.

<h1> 1. Authentic Javanese Atmosphere </h1>

Upon arrival at Rumah Joglo Puri Wedari Mutiara Gading City, you'll immediately experience an authentic Javanese atmosphere. The typical Javanese joglo buildings, with their majestic pyramid-shaped roofs and beautifully detailed carvings, offer visitors the unique experience of being in the heart of a Javanese village, without having to travel far. These joglo buildings also serve as excellent photo opportunities.

<h1> 2. Affordable Tickets with a Bonus Tea Box </h1>

One of the biggest advantages of visiting this place is the affordable ticket price. For just 15,000 rupiah, you can enjoy the entire experience at Rumah Joglo Puri Wedari Mutiara Gading City. Furthermore, this ticket also includes a refreshing tea box as a bonus, perfect for quenching your thirst during your trip.

<h1> 3. Village-Style Delman and Statues </h1>

This place not only offers stunning visual aesthetics but also showcases various interesting traditional Javanese elements. You can tour the area in a delman, a traditional horse-drawn carriage. Additionally, you'll find village-style statues adorning the area. One of the most striking is the statue of a woman pounding rice, depicting a very Javanese scene and steeped in cultural significance.

<h1> 4. The Beauty of Fresh Flowers </h1>

During your visit, be sure to enjoy the beauty of the fresh flowers growing around the area. You'll see colorful allamanda flowers and small sunflowers, bringing a cheerful atmosphere. These flowers add visual charm and make your travel experience even more memorable.

Rumah Joglo Puri Wedari Mutiara Gading City is the perfect destination for those who want to experience the beauty of Java without having to travel far. With affordable ticket prices, an authentic hometown atmosphere, horse-drawn carriages (delman), village-style statues, and beautiful fresh flowers, this place offers an unforgettable travel experience. So, don't hesitate to visit and capture your beautiful moments there.
