---
title: "Experience the Deliciousness of Duck at Bebeke Om Aris Otista Bogor"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Nov 12 2023"
heroImage: "/23.jpg"
---

I recently visited the Bebeke Om Aris branch in Bogor on Sunday, and I wanted to share my culinary experience there. It's strategically located, only about 2 kilometers from Bogor Station and close to the Bogor Botanical Gardens. However, I wouldn't recommend walking there, especially if you're coming from the station, as it's quite a distance and can be tiring.

At that time, I decided to try some of the dishes that caught my eye. I ordered several dishes, including the Bebek Geprek + Rice + Iced Tea Package, Grilled Duck, Iced Orange Juice, Avocado Juice, and satays like Quail Egg Satay and Intestine Satay. Unfortunately, the lung satay was out of stock, and it was one I wanted to try. However, even though some items were unavailable, I was still enthusiastic about trying the other dishes available.

<h1> SEO Friendly Decorative Walls </h1>

This restaurant has a quite comfortable and aesthetically pleasing atmosphere. Upon arrival, you'll feel at home with the well-organized decor and layout. One spot stood out to me as I climbed the stairs to the seating area. On the wall next to the stairs, there was a charming illustration depicting Google searching for "Bebek Enak," with a suggestion from Google below asking, "Did you mean: Bebeke Om Aris Otista Bogor?" This illustration cleverly conveyed the message that Bebeke Om Aris is the ultimate destination for duck lovers looking for delicious food in Bogor.

<h1> Delicious Bebek Geprek Package </h1>

Now, let's talk about the dish I ordered. The Bebek Geprek package with rice and iced tea was a very satisfying choice. The geprek duck was delicious, with crispy skin and juicy meat. The sambal geprek added just the right amount of spiciness and piquancy. The rice served with the geprek duck was also delicious, adding to the deliciousness of the dish. The cold iced tea was the perfect accompaniment to the spiciness of the geprek sambal.

Bebek Bakar (Roasted Duck) is another dish worth trying. The duck was perfectly grilled, producing a tantalizing aroma and delicious flavor. The skin was crispy with a delicious coating of spices, while the meat remained tender and juicy on the inside. Bebek Bakar is a great choice for those looking for a different yet authentic taste.

<h1> A Wide Variety of Affordable Drinks </h1>

I also tried drinks like the Orange Ice and Avocado Juice. The orange ice was very refreshing, especially on such a hot day. The avocado juice was thick and delicious, containing authentic avocado flavor and just the right amount of sweetness.

<h1> Affordable Angkringan Satay </h1>

The satays I ordered were also worth trying. The Quail Egg Satay and Intestine Satay had delicious flavors and just the right texture. Although I was disappointed that lung satay wasn't available, these two options still satisfied my appetite.

Overall, my visit to Bebeke Om Aris in Bogor was a very satisfying culinary experience. The duck dishes they offer were a highlight, and the restaurant's decor and ambiance made my dinner even more memorable. I recommend this place to anyone looking for a delicious and comfortable place to eat in Bogor. Don't forget to try the Bebek Geprek and Bebek Bakar when you visit!
