---
title: "Taste Sensations at Janji Jiwa: 5 Dishes That Will Captivate Your Heart and Tongue"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Nov 18 2023"
heroImage: "/24.jpg"
---

Janji Jiwa is one of the city's most popular restaurants and cafes, and for good reason. Besides its cozy and warm atmosphere, Janji Jiwa also offers a variety of enticing dishes and drinks. If you're planning to visit Janji Jiwa, there are several must-try dishes to complete your culinary journey. Here's the list!

<h1> 1. Milo Macchiato Coffee </h1>

Milo Macchiato Coffee is the perfect combination of strong coffee and the distinctive Milo flavor. It's the perfect drink to start your day or as a companion while relaxing at this cafe. Topped with a layer of cream, Milo Macchiato Coffee is not only delicious but also visually appealing. Its rich and sweet flavor will surely pamper your taste buds.

<h1> 2. Chocolate Milk </h1>

Chocolate milk is a drink that always evokes sweet childhood memories. At Janji Jiwa, they present a delicious and delightful chocolate milk. This drink is the perfect choice if you're looking for something smooth, rich, and chocolaty. Its classic taste will bring back fond memories of your childhood.

<h1> 3. Hazelnut Choco </h1>

If you're a fan of hazelnut and chocolate flavors, Hazelnut Choco is the perfect choice. This drink offers a sweet and nutty blend of hazelnut with delicious chocolate. Its unique and rich flavor is the answer for those looking for something different from the usual chocolate drinks.

<h1> 4. Jiwa Toast: Crispy Chicken Mentai and Spicy Bulgogi </h1>

If you're visiting Janji Jiwa for dinner, be sure to try the Jiwa Toast, especially the Crispy Chicken Mentai and Spicy Bulgogi. This is a modern twist on tempting toast with a variety of fillings, such as crispy fried chicken with creamy mentai sauce or spicy bulgogi. Jiwa Toast is a truly delicious dish and perfect for filling your stomach.

<h1> 5. Kopi Tarik </h1>

Kopi Tarik is a tantalizing coffee drink with a Southeast Asian twist. It's served with sweetened condensed milk, which adds a sweet, caramelized touch to the drink. This coffee is also typically served uniquely, blended in a special way to create a fluffy foam on the top. It's the perfect choice if you're looking for something strong yet sweet.

Janji Jiwa is a wonderful place to enjoy delicious food and drinks in a comfortable atmosphere. When you visit, be sure to try the menu items mentioned above to tantalize your taste buds. With a wide variety of flavor combinations, you're sure to find a dish or drink that suits your taste. Enjoy your culinary experience at the amazing Janji Jiwa!
