---
title: "Delicious Doclang in Bogor, Near Bogor Station"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Jul 30 2023"
heroImage: "/3.jpg"
---

They say Doclang 405 is delicious in Bogor. Last week (July 23, 2023), I tried this doclang for the second time. Doclang 405 is located not too far from the red bridge. If you're coming from Bogor Station, just take the exit towards the Paledang Prison Bridge, then turn right towards the red bridge. No need to take a public minibus; it's just a 10-minute walk.

The Doclang 405 vendor sells from a cart in front of a shophouse. It's like eating meatballs or chicken noodles on the street. Don't imagine eating doclang at a table, as the vendor only provides green plastic chairs for customers to sit on. If you need a place to put your plate, you can use a plastic chair.

<h1> What is Doclang? </h1>

What exactly is doclang, a Bogor specialty? Doclang, also known as "docang," is an abbreviation of "bumbu ledok pake kacang." Bumbu ledok itself means "medok spice" or rich in spices, including peanuts.
What's in doclang? From Doclang 405, I learned that doclang is a mixture of ketupat (rice cakes), yellow tofu, boiled potatoes, boiled eggs, and crackers mixed with peanut sauce and chili sauce. This doclang dish is somewhat similar to kupat tahu (rice cakes).

What's the difference between doclang and kupat tahu? The difference lies in the pieces of boiled potato. In doclang, pieces of boiled potato are the main ingredient after ketupat and yellow tofu. Kupat tahu, on the other hand, does not use boiled potatoes.

<h1> Review: Doclang 405 </h1>

How was my experience trying this delicious doclang in Bogor? As mentioned above, this was my second try. I'll definitely return to this 405 doclang cart because it's delicious!

At first bite, I felt unfamiliar with the texture of this dish. Mainly because the ketupat was a bit slippery and the peanut sauce was too runny. Hehe, I'm used to ketoprak with a thick peanut sauce.

But the next bite was immediately familiar to my palate. The flavor was delicious, all the elements of the doclang mix blending well with the spices. Especially after I mashed the hard-boiled egg yolk.

Unfortunately, I forgot to ask for a smaller portion of chili sauce. As I'm not a fan of spicy food, the doclang chili sauce here was quite spicy, even with just a little bit. Sure enough, on my second try, I only asked for a little chili sauce. The spiciness was just right! I recommend adding a little chili sauce for a more intense flavor.

<h1> How Much Does Doclang 405 Cost? </h1>

How much does a good portion of doclang cost in Bogor? It's quite affordable. A complete portion of doclang 405 costs Rp 14,000. It's not much different from a portion of ketoprak in Jakarta. Whether this applies to all doclang vendors or not, the price includes a glass of warm, plain tea.

I think the full portion of doclang 405 is quite generous. If you're worried about not finishing it or want to eat while still full, you can order a half portion. Likewise, with the boiled egg, those of you who don't like boiled eggs can omit the extra element.

So, are you interested in trying doclang 405, one of the delicious doclang in Bogor? You should!
