---
title: "Corner City Coffee & Space, a Favorite Hangout Spot in Rangkasbitung"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Aug 04 2024"
heroImage: "/30.jpg"
---

Looking for a natural hangout amidst the bustle of Rangkasbitung? Sudut Kota Coffee & Space is the answer! Tucked away among shady trees, this cafe offers not only delicious coffee but also a unique outdoor relaxing experience.

Come discover the beauty of nature and the pleasures of coffee in one captivating place. Prepare yourself to experience the harmony of nature and deliciousness at Sudut Kota Coffee & Space!

<h1> The Menu I Ordered at Sudut Kota Coffee & Space </h1>

Upon entering Coffee & Space, I was immediately captivated by the wide selection of menu options. I decided to try two of their main dishes: Thai Fried Rice and Beef Fried Rice. For drinks, I ordered Sakura Dream and Cookies and Cream. Not satisfied with just those dishes, I also ordered Onion Rings as a side dish.

<h1> 1. Sakura Dreams </h1>

The Sakura Dreams mocktail is beautifully presented, garnished with fresh peach slices and a sprinkling of edible flower petals, creating a calming and inviting atmosphere. Served in an elegant tall glass, it's eye-catching and perfect for Instagram.

Upon first sip, the Sakura Dreams mocktail impresses with its balanced blend of peach sweetness and the slight acidity of Yakult. Their flavors blend perfectly, creating a refreshing texture and a satisfying creaminess. The Yakult adds a pleasant acidity that balances the peach's sweetness, making each sip a delightful journey through different layers of flavor.

The texture of this mocktail is smooth and creamy, thanks to the addition of Yakult, which provides a creamy sensation without being too heavy. It's satisfying and perfect for enjoying at any time of day.

<h1> 2. Cookies and Cream </h1>

Cookies and Cream is beautifully presented in a tall glass, garnished with vanilla ice cream and a generous amount of cookie crumbs. Its appearance is very inviting, promising a truly delicious experience.

When I first tasted it, I was immediately greeted by the rich flavors of caramel and milk. The caramel adds a pleasant sweetness without being overpowering, perfectly balancing with the creamy texture of the milk. The addition of cookies not only enhances the texture but also provides a pleasant crunchy sensation every time I drink it.

This drink is creamy and smooth, thanks to the well-blended milk and caramel. The ice cream slowly melts into the drink, adding a luxurious thickness that perfectly complements the overall experience.

<h1> 3. Hong Kong Fried Rice </h1>

Hong Kong Fried Rice is served on a large, mouth-watering plate. Topped with a fluffy omelette, this fried rice immediately catches your eye with its mouth-watering aroma.

When I tasted this Hong Kong Fried Rice, I was immediately impressed by its delicious taste. The fried rice was savory and aromatic, with the addition of beef and shrimp providing a rich flavor. Fresh vegetables like carrots and peas added texture and freshness to each bite.

Impressively, this Hong Kong Fried Rice is not only delicious but also affordable. For under 30,000 rupiah, you can enjoy a sizable portion, perfect for filling your stomach on a busy day.

<h1> 4. Beef Fried Rice </h1>

Beef Fried Rice is beautifully presented on a large plate. Tender chunks of beef and a delicious omelette adorn this fried rice, making it mouth-watering from the first glance.

When I tasted this Beef Fried Rice, I was immediately impressed by its rich and delicious flavor. The fried rice was savory and aromatic, with the perfectly grilled beef chunks providing an extra depth of flavor. The medium-rare omelette further enhanced the dish's deliciousness.

The texture of this fried rice was very satisfying, with the rice being fluffy and not sticky, and the beef tender. All the ingredients blended perfectly, creating a perfect combination of flavors and textures.

<h1> 5. Onion rings </h1>

This snack is fried in a crispy, golden batter. When I first took a bite of an onion ring, I immediately noticed the perfect crispness of the outer batter and the sweetness of the onion inside. The batter wasn't too thick or oily, giving it just the right amount of savory flavor.

These onion rings have the perfect texture, with a crispy batter coating and juicy onions inside. They're fried well so they're not too oily, but still retain the tenderness of the onion inside.

<h1> A Relaxed and Warm Atmosphere in a Corner of Rangkasbitung </h1>

This place is truly a winner for those seeking a comfortable atmosphere in Kampung Cimesir. The cafe is spacious, clean, and very cozy, with a choice of indoor or outdoor seating.

It's located upstairs, so the atmosphere is very peaceful, while the outdoor terraces that lead down to the ground floor are a great place to hang out and relax.

What's unique about this cafe is that you can see the adjacent swimming pool, making it a truly refreshing sight during the day.

There's sometimes live music, too, making it a great place to enjoy your meal while enjoying the music. There are also power outlets for those who need them, making it convenient for working or playing with their gadgets. There are also restrooms and a prayer room, which is very complete, right?

So, the atmosphere at Corner City Cafe is perfect for relaxing with friends or just enjoying some me-time in a cool atmosphere. If you're in Rangkasbitung, you should definitely stop by!
