---
title: "West Bekasi's Javanese-themed restaurant: Omah Anglo"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Aug 5 2023"
heroImage: "/4.jpg"
---

One delicious restaurant in West Bekasi is Omah Anglo. This restaurant, located in Jakasampurna, is not only delicious, but also affordable. The average menu price is under 50,000 rupiah.

I first learned about this West Bekasi restaurant from the show "Makan Receh" on Trans7. If you're craving Javanese cuisine, Omah Anglo is the perfect place to visit. This restaurant serves Javanese specialties, especially Jogja.

As soon as you enter the gebyok (traditional Javanese food) in front of Omah Anglo, you'll find the show kitchen. The decor of this West Bekasi restaurant is adorned with wayang characters. Javanese-inspired music is also constantly playing throughout.

<h1> Omah Anglo Menu </h1>

You can order a variety of Javanese dishes and drinks. These include Javanese noodles, Nasi Godog, and Magelangan/Mawut. Their signature dish, always a favorite among visitors, is the Gudeg Grilled Porridge.

For drinks, you can order teapot tea, sour ginger tea, wedang uwuh, joos coffee, tubruk coffee, or Chinese coffee. They also offer regular drinks like iced orange juice, mineral water, and bottled tea.

Javanese souvenirs are also available for purchase, such as kue satu (one cake), gadung crackers, lanting (rice cake), intip (rice cake), rengginang (rice cake), and even teapot packages. Hahaha, it feels like you've just returned home.

<h1> Review: Lunch Experience at Omah Anglo </h1>

That day, around 11 a.m., I took the time to have lunch at Omah Anglo. It's not far from my house. It only took less than 15 minutes to get there.
This restaurant is located in a residential area. However, don't worry about having trouble finding it. The restaurant's location and GPS location are very convenient.

Upon arrival, my mom and I chose to sit outside. There are both indoor and outdoor seating options. FYI, if you sit outside, you can watch the cooking process live. Hehe, including the smoke from the customers' dishes.

Shortly after, an employee approached us with a menu. Then, we told them what we wanted to order, and the employee wrote it down on their order form.

We ordered bubur bakar gudeg (grilled gudeg porridge), wedang susu jahe (ginger milk tea), and teh poci (tea pot). There were no seat numbers to write down, perhaps because the restaurant is relatively small. We simply waited for our food to arrive.

I estimated the wait time for all the dishes to be served was about 20 minutes. Quite a long time, really. Understandably, the process of cooking this grilled gudeg porridge takes quite a while.

Two hot plates of grilled gudeg porridge were served on our table. We didn't taste them right away. They were so hot! We could have burned our tongues. So we waited about ten minutes to make sure the porridge was ready to eat.

<h1> Omah Anglo's Grilled Gudeg Porridge Taste </h1>

How did Omah Anglo's grilled gudeg porridge taste? It was delicious, and it definitely didn't disappoint. The long wait for the food to be ready was well worth it.

Like most gudeg, it includes shredded chicken, krecek (fried krecek), jackfruit, and boiled egg. Plus, it's served with rice porridge. A blend of sweet, spicy, salty, and sour flavors blends together in the roasted gudeg porridge. I personally prefer this roasted gudeg porridge to gudeg with rice.

<h1> Drinking Teh Poci Sekendi </h1>

Besides the ginger milk tea, we ordered tea pot tea. Why did I order two drinks? First, because I was curious about the tea pot tea. Second, I like ginger milk tea. Third, because I didn't realize the price was for a whole pot of tea, not just two glasses.

As a result, we only drank about four glasses of tea pot tea. When it arrived at our table, the tea pot tea was served without sugar. Customers could add rock sugar to taste. Drinking tea from a jug really enhanced the Yogyakarta atmosphere.

Anyway, the ginger milk tea was equally delicious. The warmth lingered even after we'd just finished the porridge with the gudeg. It was just a bit of a hassle to separate the ginger.

<h1> Omah Anglo Menu Prices </h1>

How much do you think the food and drink menu at this West Bekasi eatery costs? As I mentioned earlier, the prices are affordable. For all the dishes I ordered, I only spent under Rp 100,000. That includes the restaurant tax. Pretty cheap, right?

What's more, this restaurant offers cashless options. Besides cash, QRIS is also available. Payment is made at the end of the meal, after finishing. This is quite different from most restaurants that require customers to pay before eating.

That was my experience visiting a delicious and affordable restaurant in West Bekasi. If you're in the West Bekasi area, don't forget to try the bubur bakar gudeg (grilled porridge).
