---
title: "Fragments of Memory at Cibeureum Lake, Bekasi"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Aug 7 2023"
heroImage: "/5.jpg"
---

Lake Cibeureum is a natural lake in Bekasi. Bekasi is an industrial city, so how could there be a lake in a city outside of this planet? Don't believe it? Read my short story about this place!

<h1> Location of Cibeureum Lake </h1>

What is Cibeureum? The name Cibeureum is a Sundanese word meaning "Red River." Where is Cibeureum Lake? Cibeureum Lake can be found in Lembangjaya Hamlet, South Tambun, Bekasi, West Java. If you take the Commuter Line, the nearest station is Tambun Station. From Tambun Station, you can take a motorcycle taxi to get there.

<h1> Cibeureum Lake Opening Hours </h1>

Cibeureum Lake has long been open to the public as a local tourist attraction. Visitors can visit this Bekasi lake 24 hours a day, especially considering that the lake serves as an access road to other village roads.
Based on my experience in 2018, it's best not to visit this place after 6:00 PM. Why? Because after sunset, the lake area becomes dark. There is no lighting except for the lamps of the surrounding stalls.

<h1> A Story of Healing at Cibeureum Lake </h1>

Today marks exactly five years since I visited Cibeureum Lake. One day in 2018, I had some bad experiences that somewhat disrupted my focus on my studies. Finally, I decided to simply unwind somewhere. At first, I wanted to go to the sea. There is a sea in Bekasi, but it's incredibly far.

Long story short, I found this location on Google. It was easy to get to and quite close to Tambun Station. As a train enthusiast, I really like places with easy access to the station.

After returning from campus, I took the Cikarang Commuter Line. I got off at Tambun Station and continued to the location by online motorcycle taxi. During the ride, I chatted with the driver. He lives in Tambun, but he had never known where Lake Cibeureum was. In fact, he had just discovered that there was a natural lake in Bekasi.

<h1> Fishing, Rice Fields, and Sunset Watching </h1>

I arrived at Lake Cibeureum around 3:30 PM. The sun wasn't too hot, so I could walk around without feeling too hot. I noticed that there were gazebos and bamboo huts around the lake for relaxing.

I immediately found a spot to write. I first sat on the path. Beneath it was a pile of shells. Stink! So I moved away from them. I chose to sit on a slightly elevated area so I could watch people working in the rice fields.

Interesting! Because I'd never seen the rice paddy cultivation process firsthand. I secretly observed them while writing a description of it. Unfortunately, I missed seeing the men planting from the beginning. However, I did see the wife harvesting the mustard greens.

When it was 5:00 PM, they returned home. I was a bit confused about what to do. I'd written a poem and poured out my feelings and thoughts. The idea arose to watch the sun set. I'd actually taken photos every 15 minutes of the sunset. But those photos had been deleted from my old phone.

As I watched the sun, people on motorbikes passed me one after another. I was curious to follow their direction. However, I didn't want to take any chances since it was already dark. I assumed there was an exit from Lake Cibeureum to another main road.

<h1> Catcalling at Lake Cibeureum </h1>

I remembered the message from the Gojek driver who drove me. He said:
"Don't come home too late, if possible before sunset."
I turned around and asked, "Why?"
"It's scary, it's a bit dark," he said.

Before 5:30 PM, I left my spot watching the sun. I then had a cup of bottled tea at one of the stalls that was still open. The vendor seemed a little annoyed that I ordered it when the stall was about to close. I made small talk, but he wasn't very friendly.

While finishing my bottled tea, I ordered an online motorcycle taxi. I flipped through the Grab and Gojek apps. But I couldn't find a driver. Since my bottled tea was finished, I paid him and headed for the exit.

I stood in front of the exit. A man on a motorcycle was parked not far from where I was standing. He slowly approached and started talking to me.
"Want to go to the station? Let me take you," he said.
"No," I said.

He spoke again, but I remained silent, ignoring him, and he headed off in the opposite direction to the station. While I was still standing there, it was getting dark. I finally found a driver who was willing to pick me up. But he was still at Tambun Station. I had to wait a while.

Then, a group of teenagers on a motorcycle passed me. They were entering the lake area. At first, there were only two of them, but the second time, they passed by in a group of three. They were making obscene remarks, obviously directed at me. I ignored them.

I looked back to see what the lake was like at that hour. It was pitch black. I could hear the sound of a motorcycle that had just passed by and saw its tracks from its headlights. Their motorcycle had stalled, and I don't know why I was worried.

Luckily, less than five minutes later, I found the driver in front of me.
"Okay," I said, signaling to go.
