---
title: "Steak Moen-Moen: Affordable and Cheap Steak Restaurant"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Aug 9 2023"
heroImage: "/6.jpg"
---

Steak Moen-Moen is a restaurant that serves a variety of steaks at affordable prices. Many people flock to this restaurant to sample the food and drinks they offer. Curious about how delicious and affordable it is?

I first learned about this restaurant from a friend of mine who lives in Depok. The name is funny, reminding me of a horror character on television. Pocong mumun, hehehe, was the first thing that came to my mind.

I immediately started browsing Steak Moen-Moen. No wonder I wasn't familiar with this restaurant's name. It turns out the closest branch to my house is in Depok. I wondered, why isn't there a branch of this restaurant in Bekasi?

Finally, I chose Steak Moen-Moen Depok to visit. On Sunday (July 30, 2023), I arrived at the Steak Moen-Moen Depok branch on Jl. Kartini. It's not far from Depok Lama Station, only about a 5-minute walk. And here's my experience and review!

<h1> A Glance at Steak Moen-Moen? </h1>

Who owns Steak Moen-Moen? The owner of Steak Moen-Moen is Budi Utomo. What year has Steak Moen-Moen been around? According to various online sources, Steak Moen-Moen opened on December 24, 2004.
The owner first opened this steak restaurant in Solo. To date, the restaurant has more than 45 outlets spread across major cities in Indonesia, including Depok, Bogor, Yogyakarta, and Bandung.

Long story short, the name Moen-Moen was inspired by the name of the owner's wife. Budi Utomo's wife, Menik, had a childhood nickname, Mun Mun. This affectionate nickname ultimately became the name of this steak restaurant.

<h1> Moen-Moen Steak Menu Recommendations </h1>

Moen-Moen Steak offers a wide selection of dishes for customers to choose from. Main dishes include Chicken Steak, Tenderloin Steak, Chicken Paprika, Spaghetti, and various variations of Mie Gondez. Like other restaurants, Moen-Moen Steak also has best-selling dishes, namely the Double Mix Hot Plate, Mie Gondez, Double Tenderloin Hot Plate, and Chicken Paprika.

<h1> Double Tenderloin Hot Plate Review </h1>

The Double Tenderloin Hot Plate is a beef steak coated in crispy flour. Like most steak dishes, this steak is also served with soft fries, carrots, corn, and fresh peanuts. The sauce is barbecue sauce.

How did it taste? Before coming to Steak Moen-Moen, I took the time to read reviews on Google Maps. Most said, "The flour taste is really noticeable." Yup, I kind of agree. But as a fan of crispy chicken, that wasn't a problem at all.

With the first bite, I popped a piece of crispy flour into my mouth. It was savory, even though the flour taste left a lingering taste. By the way, the crispy rice was quite thick, but not tough or difficult to chew.

Then I moved on to the beef hidden within the flour coating. The texture of the beef was quite tender and easy to slice. Despite its price, Steak Moen-Moen serves beef that isn't tough.

I think the flavor of the meat was helped by the barbecue sauce. However, the barbecue sauce on the double tenderloin wasn't very rich, leaving me with a rather bland beef.

I personally regretted ordering the beef steak a bit. Admittedly, I don't like the texture of beef in general. At the time, I was a bit confused about which menu to order, as my menu didn't offer orange juice.

So, I switched to the set menu without paying attention to the steak option. My bad, but it's okay, I can still enjoy it. Because I'm not allergic to beef.
BTW, when I came here, I brought my mom with me. She said, "That wasn't orange juice. It was like syrup that tasted like juice." That's right, I thought the same thing. Besides being frugal with sauce, it seems this restaurant is also frugal with ice cubes.

<h1> Affordable Steak Moen-Moen Prices </h1>

The menu items at Steak Moen-Moen are truly affordable. For 2 Double Tenderloin Hot Plates and 2 Orange Juices, I only paid around 70,000 Rupiah. It's affordable, and the taste is still acceptable to my palate.

Many people say that the price of Steak Moen-Moen has gone up, plus the portions have gotten smaller. I don't know what the difference is between the portions and the previous price. However, I found the Double Tenderloin portion I ate to be quite filling. The fries, crispy flour, and double tenderloin were enough to satisfy my cravings. How could I not be full enough?

By the way, besides cash, Steak Moen-Moen offers payments via QRIS Gopay/OVO. A favorite for those who prefer cashless options. Unfortunately, they don't offer QRIS BCA yet 😦

So, that's a brief review of my first visit to Steak Moen-Moen in Depok. Not bad, this restaurant is a great option if you're hungry. I'm still curious about the Chicken Steak, though. Are you interested in trying it?
