---
title: "Sate Maranggi Maskar Ajib: Purwakarta's Maranggi Sate Closest to the Station"
description: "Masriah Hasan"
pubDate: "Aug 27 2023"
heroImage: "/9.jpg"
---

Stopping by Purwakarta Station? Not sure where to eat? Just head to the closest Purwakarta maranggi satay from the station, Sate Maranggi Maskar Ajib. This Maranggi satay is highly recommended by fellow commuter line users, given its proximity to Purwakarta Station.

This legendary Maranggi satay is located at Jl. Mr. Dr. Kusumahatmaja No. 3, Cipaisan. It's only a 10-minute walk from the station. Pretty close, right? Oh, and I visited this restaurant on the 78th Indonesian Independence Day, so the streets were quite lively with Independence Day festivities.

<h1> The Uniqueness of Maranggi Satay </h1>

One of Purwakarta's signature dishes is maranggi satay. Maranggi satay is made with beef or goat meat. Although some Purwakarta sate maranggi restaurants also use chicken.

What's the difference between maranggi satay and regular satay? I didn't really understand the difference. But after tasting my first maranggi satay, I realized the difference. While regular satay is served with soy sauce and chili sauce, maranggi satay is topped with tomato sauce, pickles, and steamed rice.

So, what's so unique about maranggi satay? The uniqueness of maranggi satay lies in the marinade process before skewering it. This marinade allows maranggi satay to be served without any additional seasoning. Even without soy sauce or chili sauce, maranggi satay is delicious.

<h1> Maskar Ajib, Purwakarta's Nearest Maranggi Satay </h1>

Upon arriving at this nearby Purwakarta maranggi satay, I was immediately approached by a male waiter. "Would you like to order for just the two of us, tea?" he asked, starting a conversation. I agreed and immediately looked for a comfortable spot to sit with my mother.
The restaurant is quite spacious. I noticed there are indoor and outdoor dining areas. The outdoor dining area is located at the back of the restaurant. Unfortunately, it looked a bit messy, especially considering the unkempt plants. I opted to sit indoors to avoid mosquitoes.

The restaurant is quite spacious. I noticed there are indoor and outdoor dining areas. The outdoor dining area is located at the back of the restaurant. Unfortunately, it looked a bit messy, especially considering the unkempt plants. I opted to sit indoors to avoid mosquitoes.

I began writing down our menu on a piece of paper the waiter had given me. After some discussion, we ended up ordering two servings of goat satay, avocado juice, and mango juice. We had originally wanted to order warm sweet tea, but another waiter had already placed a pot of warm plain tea and two glasses on our table.

Shortly after I handed over my order, the waiter returned with chili sauce, pickles, and rice wrapped in leaves. We couldn't wait for our goat satay. Hehe, it's understandable, our stomachs were rumbling after a two-hour journey.

<h1> Enjoying Super Tender Goat Satay </h1>

Two servings of goat satay finally arrived. Unfortunately, the mango juice I wanted was out of stock. So, I decided to substitute avocado juice, like my mother.

My mother began to unwrap the rice wrapper. As a picky rice person, I decided not to touch the rice. Yup, I just ate the goat satay without the rice.

How did the goat satay taste? First of all, it was a bit difficult to remove the goat meat from the skewers. I thought the goat satay would be tough, but it wasn't. It was truly tender. The pieces of meat weren't too small, nor were they jumbo.

In terms of seasoning, I think it's quite well-seasoned. Even without the soy sauce and chili sauce, it's already savory. BTW, the soy sauce and chili sauce are very thick, I love it! It's not perfect without the pickles, but I don't really like pickles, so I skip them. Overall, the flavor of this maranggi satay will definitely make me return to Purwakarta again.

<h1> Maranggi Satay Price </h1>

How much does Maranggi Satay cost? The Maranggi Satay at Maskar Ajib is very affordable. It's said to be among the cheapest compared to other nearby Purwakarta Maranggi Satay.

Maskar Ajib Maranggi Satay can be ordered per skewer, unlike other satay restaurants where you can order per portion. Oh, and the price of this goat satay is only 4,000 Rupiah per skewer. If you buy 10 skewers, it's only 40,000 Rupiah. It's affordable. Plus, you can pay via QRIS at Maskar Ajib Maranggi Satay.

Besides soy sauce, Maskar Ajib's Maranggi Satay also offers a raw tomato and chili sauce. I tasted it spicy, but it wasn't my cup of tea. A small scoop of this raw chili sauce is priced at just 5,000 rupiah. The same price as the nasi timbel served, 5,000 rupiah per pack.

The deliciousness of this Purwakarta maranggi satay, closest to the station, is undeniable. Despite the restaurant's lack of quality, the satay is quite satisfying. I'll definitely stop by again sometime!
